(Male announcer) Previously
on Hell's Kitchen...
I thought I was going home broke.
(Announcer) Robyn survived
another elimination.
I feel like I am out of chances right now.
(Announcer) Then, in the
three-course relay challenge...
You have 30 minutes
to cook me three stunning entrees.
Just mass chaos.
(Announcer) Communication was key.
Fish in the oven here. The
lambs in the oven there.
(Announcer) But both the red team...
It's already burning on the bottom.
(Announcer) And the blue team...
He's gotta go faster now.
Come on, come on, come
on, come on, come on.
(Announcer) Failed.
[Bleep].
Point goes to... none of you.
(Announcer) In historic fashion...
For the first time ever...
in Hell's Kitchen history,
I cannot pick a winner.
(Announcer) Before dinner service,
Chef Ramsay sought to inspire the Chefs.
[All exclaiming]
You're cooking for a black jacket.
I'm like, "holy shit, this is real now."
(Announcer) The red team...
Never mix and old
risotto with a fresh one.
(Announcer) Was able to
overcome small mistakes.
Ooh, [Bleep]. Hey, all right.
Got that out of my system.
Let's finish strong.
(Gordon) Service, please.
(Announcer) To deliver
an impressive performance.
Christina, very nice, that risotto.
There's no greater way to celebrate
than put on a black jacket!
[Cheering]
Congratulations.
(Announcer) It was a different
story on the blue team.
Hey! Stop! Come here!
- (Announcer) Clemenza...
- How long?
Gonna be three more minutes.
- Hurry up then!
- Yes!
(Announcer) Struggled on appetizers.
All of you, come here!
Multicolored [Bleep] risotto!
(Announcer) Brian imploded
on the meat station.
Raw! Perfect!
And medium-rare,
and sliced in a [Bleep] door wedge!
Stupid me.
(Announcer) Justin failed on fish.
You reheat the same bass?
- Is that your best?
- No, Chef!
That was just a dumb, dumb mistake.
(Announcer) And Robyn...
They told me to hold it in here.
- Who told you?
- My team did.
They said it's a holding oven.
- (Announcer) Found little support...
- What?
They said it's a holding oven!
(Announcer) Amongst here teammates.
- (Clemenza) No. No.
- What?
- I didn't tell her that.
- Don't lie.
(Justin) That's not what
we said. That's a lie.
(Announcer) At elimination, Chef Ramsay
thought everyone on the blue
team needed to make their case.
I want all four of you to step forward.
(Announcer) Then, Justin and Clemenza
were the first two blue team members
to receive black jackets,
forcing Chef Ramsay to make
his most difficult decision yet.
Put that on.
(Announcer) And so it was...
Brian.
(Announcer) Whose dream
of becoming Head Chef
at Gordon Ramsay Steak
at Paris, Las Vegas,
went up in flames.
[Ohio players' fire]
♪ Fire ♪
♪ unh ♪
♪ when you shake what you got ♪
♪ and, girl, you've got a lot ♪
♪ you're really something, child ♪
♪ yes, you are ♪
♪ the way you walk and talk ♪
♪ really sets me off ♪
♪ and I'm so excited ♪
♪ the way you swerve and curve ♪
♪ really wrecks my nerves ♪
♪ 'cause I'm smokin', baby, baby ♪
♪ woo, woo, woo ♪
♪ the way you push ♪
♪ push ♪
♪ lets me know that
you're goo-oo-ood ♪
♪ you're gonna get your wish ♪
♪ oh, no, fire ♪
♪ what I said, child ♪
♪ fire ♪
(Announcer) And now the
continuation of Hell's Kitchen.
And then there were six.
I'm so [Bleep] stoked right now.
(Clemenza) It feels great
to have this jacket on.
I wanna laugh, I wanna
cry, I wanna scream.
I'm lovin' it.
It's a black jacket party!
Oh, [Bleep]. What's this?
[Screaming] Check it out!
Get the [... ] Outta here!
"Congratulations to you all.
Please enjoy this
special edition Bob Kramer
carbon steel Chef's knife by Henckels."
Good job, buddy.
(Christina) I'm thrilled
with the black jacket,
and now, to see that,
like, beautiful knife.
Insane! Insane.
[Singsong] We got black jackets.
We got black jackets.
[Squeals] Yay!
What's up? Who looks good in black?
I do!
It's weird to celebrate with Robyn,
but... we're all, like,
having a good time.
And it's fun.
[Laughs] That was hot.
It's been a wild [Bleep] night, man.
- 18 people. 6.
- Yeah.
We knocked out two-thirds
of the competition.
Now it's time to go for the jugular.
Yeah.
(Justin) The stakes are
definitely higher now, you know.
It's down to the last six.
I'm really, really focused right now.
The best of me is definitely yet to come.
I'm ready to win this whole thing.
(Announcer) The Chefs
awake as one elite team.
- Hi, new team.
- Yeah, we're all a team now, man.
(Announcer) And Chef Ramsay has
invited two world-renowned Chefs...
Look at that. Love it.
(Announcer) To turn up the
heat on the next challenge.
[Singsong] I smell something cookin'.
Let's go. Good morning.
(All) Good morning, Chef.
How about good morning to our Chefs?
(All) Good morning, Chefs.
Hey, guys. Good morning.
Yeah.
I see these two Chefs.
And I see, obviously, Chef Ramsay,
and I see three domes there.
I'm thinking there's gonna be,
like, a live chicken under one,
a little man under the
other, and [Bleep] hand's
gonna pop out of the
table from the third dome.
I don't know what the [Bleep] going on.
The final six. As you can see, we have two
very distinguished guests.
On my far right, Chef Ludo Lefebvre.
Executive Chef of L.A.'s favorite pop-up,
Ludobites.
And next, a dear friend of mine,
Chef Quinn Hatfield, of the
amazing Hatfield's. Good morning.
Recipient of a Michelin star.
- Wow.
- Okay.
Today, I've asked both Ludo
and Quinn to prepare
one of their signature dishes.
I've prepared one of mine as well.
And each of these dishes is a great
modern take on a classic.
Let's begin with Chef Ludo.
Yes, Chef.
This is our first challenge.
For the black jackets.
All right, Chef Ramsay, what is it?
Let's go. Give it to me.
This is a unique caprese salad.
Think about what sets this dish
from the classics you've seen.
(Announcer) A traditional caprese salad
consists of fresh buffalo mozzarella,
tomatoes, and basil.
But Chef Ludo's take on
this modern Italian classic
has added some twists.
Instead of tomatoes,
Chef Ludo used red bell peppers.
And that's not buffalo mozzarella.
That's a feta cheese mousse.
Okay, what's the elements in there?
Hazelnut crumble?
[Buzzer] No?
It could have been fresh ricotta.
[Buzzer] Mm-mmm.
That's wrong.
Tastes like buffalo mozzarella.
Ludo, would you be so kind
to explain this unique dish?
Oh, my God, nobody got
anything right on that dish.
But no harm, no foul...
we're going into round two, still even.
Okay, let's move on to Chef Quinn's dish.
(Announcer) Chef Quinn's
dish is a seafood pasta.
But that's not pasta.
That's salsify.
And now the black
team's hoping, this time,
they can impress the Chefs.
What's the pasta?
Well, it's definitely not pasta.
I thought it was almost a potato.
(Gordon) Potato?
Yeah.
So the noodle is made out of salsify.
Salsify.
[All chuckle]
Come on. How many of you got that?
Okay.
Those first two dishes were a warm-up.
For your real challenge,
it's now time...
to Taste It, Now Make It.
[Laughter]
[Sighs]
I knew it!
I knew it was gonna be
Taste It, Now Make It.
So I'm kind of nervous,
especially after I bombed
on the practice test.
I'd like you all to thank
Chef Ludo and Chef Quinn.
Thank you, Chefs. Thank
you very much, Chefs.
Thanks, Quinn. Thanks, Ludo.
Okay, today you'll be working
and competing in pairs.
Clemenza, you're pairing up with Dana.
Uh, Justin, you've got Barbie.
Yes, Chef.
Good. Christina, Robyn, you're together.
The pair that comes the
closest wins the challenge.
- Everybody ready?
- (All) Yes, Chef!
You have 30 minutes to
recreate this stunning dish,
starting from now. Let's go.
I'm super excited, man.
I've been waiting for this.
I know that I'm good at this challenge.
(Announcer) In the Taste
It, Now Make It challenge...
Coming over the top.
(Announcer) Each team must recreate
Chef Ramsay's signature dish
from sight, smell, and taste alone.
Ah, are you kidding me, Clemenza?
- Clemenza...
- Yes, Chef?
Don't eat it all.
Everybody's just [Bleep] diggin' in.
It was like six people
just got let out of jail
that haven't eaten in, like, five days.
Mmm. Taste it.
The first bite, I'm like,
"okay, is it pork or is it veal?"
But as I'm recognizing the texture
and the flavor, I'm pretty
certain that it's veal.
Guys, can you start cooking?
You're right.
It's not pork. It's veal.
(Announcer) All three teams have decided
that the protein in Chef
Ramsay's dish is veal.
Then I went on to what
the veal was coated in.
- What is this?
- Serrano ham.
- You sure?
And there was just a texture about it
that made me think it was
serrano ham and not prosciutto.
But it wasn't wrapped in prosciutto.
I think it was serrano ham.
I'm a little uncertain,
but it seemed to be
a thinner slice of ham on the outside.
So we're going with the serrano.
(Announcer) Barbie,
Justin, Christina, and Robyn
have all chosen to wrap their protein
in serrano ham. However...
Is this serrano ham or prosciutto?
(Announcer) Dana and Clemenza are
still considering other possibilities.
No, it's prosciutto. Prosciutto.
Yeah.
I eat prosciutto here,
like, a half a pound a day.
Who else eats the prosciutto?
Clemenza.
So if we can't tell that
this is [Bleep] prosciutto,
then we deserve to lose.
(Announcer) Confident
in their cured meats,
Dana and Clemenza choose to
wrap their veal in prosciutto.
Okay, 15 minutes to go.
15 minutes to go.
(Gordon) Let's go.
Clemenza, taste the puree.
I think that could have
been a white bean puree.
Hey, I think it's the white bean puree.
I think we're right.
The taste seemed really familiar,
but it didn't click to me
until I was walking around the ingredients
and I saw the white bean.
That was in the puree.
That's it!
(Announcer) There is a clear consensus
among the Chefs that the puree
in Chef Ramsay's dish
is made from white beans.
And now they must determine
the source of its smoky flavor.
I feel really solid about
what's in the white bean puree.
I think it's bacon base.
Okay.
The bacon, you just need
a little bit. You're good.
(Clemenza) I start making
the white bean puree,
and, uh, tastes right...
but it doesn't look right.
I got it. This horseradish.
- What?
- Trust me on that one.
If you're confident, then do it.
Yeah, I'm redoing it. That sucks.
(Announcer) Instead of smoked bacon,
Dana and Clemenza season their
white bean puree with horseradish.
Five minutes to go, guys.
(Announcer) Now, all three teams
must decode the final element
of Chef Ramsay's dish...
Go, go, go, go!
(Announcer) The sauce.
There's some kind of acid in that sauce.
- Touch of lemon juice?
- Sweetness, something.
Justin went straight for
the dark chicken broth,
but there was this tartness,
and I know it was a fortified wine.
It's definitely port. That's it.
Right here.
Christina and I both taste that madeira,
and then we both taste the port.
- I think it's that one.
- Yep.
We went with the port
instead of the madeira.
There's some sort of wine in it,
what's the wine in it?
There's wine in there.
There's some sort of wine.
- What is it?
- Madeira.
He's like, "madeira!"
And I'm like, "shh! Shh.
Clemenza, don't tell everyone."
(Announcer) Instead of port,
once again Dana and Clemenza
have gone against the grain
and have chosen to use
madeira in their sauce.
(Gordon) Last two minutes!
(Announcer) And now each pair
must quickly focus on plating
as they attempt to recreate
the look of Chef Ramsay's dish.
Dana, we gotta get that meat out.
I know, I know.
- There's two slices or three?
- Three, three.
30 seconds to go. Come on.
(Justin) We're going
for gung ho right now,
and hopefully, it's cooked perfectly.
- (Gordon) Get it on.
- Oh, my God.
- Five...
- Perfect, that is perfect.
- Four...
- The oil, the oil.
- Three...
- Get it up there.
Two...
One...
And stop!
Dana, Clemenza, present your dish, please.
Let's check out the presentation first.
Okay. Side by side.
Okay, tell me what it is.
(Dana) That is a...
prosciutto-wrapped veal.
(Clemenza) The puree is white bean
with a little bit of
horseradish and wasabe.
Mm-hmm.
Mmm.
Chef Ramsay is scaring me!
He's like, "hmm... "
Hmm... "
Mm-hmm. What's it wrapped with?
- Prosciutto.
- Prosciutto?
Mm-hmm.
Tell me if it's prosciutto or not!
Okay. Thank you.
Aah! You're killin' me!
Next team. Let's go.
(Justin) I'm 100% confident in our dish.
You wouldn't be able
to tell the difference
between Chef Ramsay's dish and our dish.
It was perfect, on the money.
And, Barbie, what is it?
It is a serrano ham-wrapped veal loin.
- Mm-hmm.
- I definitely picked up on white bean puree.
And I thought that the smokiness
may have come from bacon.
And decided to use a little port
for the tartness and the sweetness.
Okay. Good job. Thank you.
- Thank you, Chef.
- Thank you.
Okay, what is it?
It's, um, the veal wrapped in serrano ham.
Mmm. The white bean puree
with, um, just a little bit of the bacon.
We also put a sauce in there.
It was definitely tawny port.
- That tastes delicious.
- Thank you, Chef.
All the dishes, they're
so close to each other.
And I'm really shaking
in my boots at this point.
Okay, and first, the protein.
You all used veal.
(All) Yes, Chef.
You all got it right.
Congratulations. Good job.
Good job.
And let's move on to the wrapping.
Dana, Clemenza...
Yes. You said prosciutto.
[Sighs] You're the
only ones who said that.
Dana, Clemenza...
you got it right.
- Yeah.
- Well done.
Good job.
Isn't serrano ham the prosciutto of Spain?
Come on!
Dana, Clemenza.
You said white bean puree.
Yes, Chef.
With a touch of smokiness in there.
Yes, horseradish.
But there's no horseradish in the puree.
[Bleep].
There is smoked bacon in the puree.
Which, Christina and
Robyn, congratulations.
Thank you. Thank you.
Barbie, Justin, congratulations.
Thank you, Chef.
(Barbie) It's very suspenseful.
It's down to the minute details.
Sauce.
This, for me,
is the one that clinches it.
Because...
you all pretty much nailed the dish.
(Announcer) If Chef Ramsay's
dish is made with madeira,
then Dana and Clemenza win the challenge.
But if his dish is made with port,
then for the first time ever,
Taste It, Now Make It will end in a tie.
Congratulations...
- My heart right now...
- I know.
(Announcer) In today's Taste
It, Now Make It challenge,
the final six are competing in pairs
to recreate one of Chef
Ramsay's signature dishes.
You all pretty much nailed the dish.
(Announcer) The winners will be
determined by one final detail.
In the sauce...
there was something unique.
- My heart right now...
- I know.
Barbie, Justin, Christina, Robin...
You said port, right?
Dana and Clemenza...
you said a madeira-based sauce.
[Sighs]
Dana and Clemenza, you had the madeira.
- Congratulations.
- Aah!
[Bleep]. Well done.
Yea-hea-hea-hea-heah!
Baby! I [Bleep]... Yes, yes, yes, yes,
and [Bleep] yes!
- Told ya, told ya.
- Really well done indeed.
Yes! Thank you.
Dana, Clemenza...
(Both) Yes, Chef?
You're heading to Silverwood Lake,
where you've got the most
amazing gourmet picnic.
Nice. Cool.
So romantic!
And then each of you will have your own
top-of-the-range jet ski.
Oh! Yes!
I'm really bummed, man.
I love wave-runners.
I mean, they're my [Bleep], you know?
It sucks.
Head upstairs. Get your bathing suits.
- Yes, Chef.
- Well done.
Whoo!
Only thing that can make this day better
is if it were my boyfriend
instead of Clemenza.
Come on, Dana! Move your ass!
We're going jet skiing.
Unfortunately,
you're gonna be in for one miserable day.
I've decided to give the entire
dining room staff the day off.
I would like all the table tops redone.
Yes, Chef.
All the linen.
Ironing. [Bleep].
Folding.
Polishing all the flatware.
You're gonna be working with James.
And he is meticulous when it
comes to cleaning, trust me.
(Barbie) I hate cleaning.
Plus, I don't want to iron.
- This is gonna suck.
- (James) All right, come on.
We've actually got a lot to do today.
All right, so...
there's some feather dusters here.
If somebody wants to
start the chandeliers.
- Yeah, baby!
- Bye, James!
(James) You're gonna have a fun day!
Yeah! I'm so excited!
More fun than scrubbing and
cleaning the dining room.
Don't forget to make those
really nice and clean.
Chef Ramsay likes them like that.
[Dana laughs]
Yay!
(Clemenza) Yeah!
(Dana) Peace out, Hell's Kitchen!
(Clemenza) Check it out.
You're goin' down!
I'm gonna smoke Clemenza
out on the water right now.
[Engines growling]
Ah, Clemenza!
(Clemenza) Once we break out into the
speed zone, it's just like, forget it.
She's going this way, I'm going this way.
She's jumping waves.
I'm [Bleep] getting splashed
in the face with water.
This is awesome.
Come on, Dana! [Bleep]!
Ha ha! That's it.
(Dana) Hey, wait... where's Clemenza?
Clemenza, are you there?
Clemenza, it's over.
You're gone.
Bye, Clemenza!
- Okay, and get this.
- Okay.
Get this up here, yeah?
Blah, punishment.
Keep going.
We are under the direction of James today.
I'm pretty sure he's got a
pair of white gloves somewhere.
I see more dust up there.
- Okay.
- Please make sure that's shiny.
Yeah, today would be a
good day to be on the lake.
[Quacking]
(Dana) Yeah!
(Clemenza) What do we got here?
(Dana) We jet ski up to
this private little cove.
Whoa! There's nobody else around!
Like, we have our own private beach.
I'm starving.
[Sexy music]
(Clemenza) Wow!
Yeah!
(Clemenza) Whoa, this is pretty cool.
Mmm.
Yippie-ki-yay.
Dana is in this bikini,
and it's just this little bikini.
I'm like, "mwah." [Speaking Italian]
Dana, beautiful.
- To our winning team.
- Yes, cheers.
Beautiful day.
Mm!
Definitely...
better than cleaning the dining room.
[Laughs]
[Sighs]
All the linens need to be pressed.
Your mother is not here,
so you will be doing it.
I don't iron.
Oh, my God,
Justin's gonna learn how to iron today.
All right.
Let's get to it.
Nope.
Oh, I'm definitely not ironing.
For me, I feel it's a little degrading
to have to sit there and iron.
Here.
I just noticed something!
Justin hasn't ironed?
Justin...
[Laughter]
Justin, I've got something for you.
Couple of my shirts.
Couple of Chef's jackets.
Seriously, no creases, no crinkles.
You know how Chef Ramsay is.
I don't really even like
to iron my own shirts.
You see how wrinkled these things are?
Nevertheless have to
iron other men's shirts.
What's the... I...
Use the other end, silly.
Man, this sucks.
It really does suck.
(Dana) Hi, guys!
(All) Hi.
Justin, you look good with the iron, man.
You could do my dress next.
[Laughing] I'm just kidding.
[Laughter]
Come on, Clemenza!
(Clemenza) I'm comin', honey.
(Announcer) Though the final six
may have been split up yesterday...
Black jacket.
(Announcer) Today, they
are all looking forward
to their first dinner service
in one kitchen as the black team.
We can do this, guys. We gotta do this.
Dude, I'm [Bleep] amped now.
Morning.
(Announcer) But Chef Ramsay...
I need you all for 30 seconds, please.
Come round. Let's go, come up to the bar.
(Announcer) Has an important
piece of information for the group.
Okay. I know something's coming.
I know he's not bringing us all
way up by the bar for no reason, you know?
Big night tonight, right?
(All) Yes, Chef!
And it's not just because
it's the first time
you're working as a
dynamic team in one kitchen.
Tonight, you will be
competing against another team.
Come on, dude. [Bleep] Spit it out.
Who are we going up against?
Take a look up there.
Seriously, dude? Wow.
(Announcer) Tonight, the final six will
be working together for the first time.
But they won't be the only
Chefs cooking in Hell's Kitchen.
You will be competing
against another team.
Take a look up there.
All these individuals, like you,
have been Chefs at Hell's Kitchen.
These Chefs...
not only earned their black jackets...
They were all runners-up.
From Hell's Kitchen 8,
Russell!
I woulda slapped the [Bleep] out of you.
- That steak's cooked perfectly!
- Thank you, Chef!
I chose the team that I wanted,
and I thought they would help me win,
and I'm gonna definitely
blackball you guys,
'cause you guys [Bleep] me so royally.
(Gordon) Russell, good to see you.
Good to see you, Chef.
- Welcome back.
- Thank you very much.
I remember Russell for
sure. What a [Bleep] ass.
I don't care what station he's on tonight.
I hope it burns down.
I hope he goes down harder
than anybody on that team.
From Hell's Kitchen season 7...
Jay!
Hey, where's smurf? Smurf, come here, you!
(Jay) I have two goals in Hell's Kitchen,
and one is to win,
and my second is to sleep with Holly.
[Laughter]
Welcome back! Good to see you, Chef.
Still supporting that blue hair.
Good to see you. Huh?
(Dana) I don't like Jay.
Why do you have blue hair?
Do you think it looks good?
Because I'll tell you something.
It doesn't!
From Hell's Kitchen 6.
Kevin!
Aaaah!
Man, I'm the crippled guy.
But yet no one else can keep up.
I have the lamb! I have the lamb!
The lamb's cooked perfectly.
Thank you, Chef.
Kevin, great to see you. Welcome back.
Thank you, Chef. Good to see you.
Kevin's a force to be reckoned with.
You know, they're building
a [Bleep] dream team here.
We gotta be on point, like,
we gotta step up our game.
From Hell's Kitchen 5...
Paula!
The best dish by a landslide...
Paula, congratulations.
- Thank you, Chef.
- Absolutely brilliant.
- That...
- Yes, Chef?
Is the best Wellington you've ever sent.
Thank you, Chef.
Paula, good to see you, my darling.
Welcome back. Good to see you, Paula.
I have so much respect for Paula.
If things don't work out
here in Hell's Kitchen,
Paula, watch out, I'm
coming to you for a job.
From Hell's Kitchen 3...
Bonnie!
You're cooking and the gas is not even on.
Aah!
You have surprised me the most.
(Gordon) Wellington's nicely cooked.
(Polly) Thank you, Chef.
Bonnie, welcome back. Thank you!
- Good to see you, darling.
- Hugs, hugs.
- Welcome back.
- Good to see you.
From Hell's Kitchen 2,
Virginia!
You can't buy that palate.
The pink grapefruit, the white bean puree,
and the striped bass.
Absolutely spot-on.
Thank you.
Bad-ass.
Welcome back, Virginia.
- Great to see you.
- Thank you.
Whoo! Whoo!
Rose up. Great to see you.
- Huh?
- You too, Chef.
Uh, final six,
you're up against some serious talent.
They're here for a reason.
We're here to whip their ass.
Somebody's going home.
You guys are all definitely going home.
Don't be comin' in here
talkin' and runnin' your mouth,
"oh, somebody's goin' home." Yeah.
Somebody's going home. Your
ass is going home tonight.
You know, just like you did before.
You're going home again.
I've never looked forward to a service
more than this one, let me tell you.
- I'm ready.
- We're ready.
I'm pumped.
Good. Let's get cracking.
Uh, good luck.
(Bonnie) Tonight is redemption night.
I want to win.
If we lose, we're just
number twos all over again.
And nobody wants to be the number two.
I'm excited.
Me too.
This is the first time I've actually
been here that I'm excited to cook.
[Bleep], yeah.
I feel really good about my team.
Our confidence is high.
Our theme is redemption.
We're here to do work and pick up the "W."
(Announcer) With an experienced lineup...
I really just want to [Bleep] win.
I would be shocked if the other team wins.
Seriously.
Let's do this.
(Announcer) The runners-up
are not short on confidence.
But over in the blue kitchen...
Dude, I'm [Bleep] pumped.
(Announcer) The current Chefs
are not ready to be counted out.
(Clemenza) I think we can take 'em.
Yeah.
Matter of fact, I know we can take 'em.
I agree.
Matter of fact, let's
just [Bleep] take 'em.
You know what I'm [Bleep] sayin', baby?
Let's take all these bitches right now.
Yeah, really.
I'm not intimidated at all.
You've had your time here.
This is our house now.
Welcome. We'll show you how it's done.
I never wanted to win so bad in my life.
Honestly, I'm not even kidding.
[Chuckles] Yep.
- All right, James.
- Yes, Chef?
- Let's go.
- Yes, Chef.
Open Hell's Kitchen.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Announcer) Tonight, it's a
dinner service unlike any other
as some of the most talented Chefs
in Hell's Kitchen history are back,
looking for redemption.
Let's go.
(Announcer) They take
on the current Chefs,
who want to prove to Chef Ramsay
that they are just as good
as Hell's Kitchen's best.
Let's kick some runner-up ass.
(All) One, two, three.
Black team!
Order in, Chef. Let's go.
Okay, returning Chefs.
On order, four couples, table 30.
Two scallops, two Caesar salad.
(All) Yes, Chef!
Five to the window!
Five in the window.
Virginia...
you guys are talking
with the scallop, right?
You guys are all set?
Got it.
(Kevin) You know, it's that old
feeling that comes back again.
You just kind of start to get into sync.
"All right, you're here,
you're here, you're there.
You're doing this, you
got that, you got this,
you got that, y'all got this. Check this."
You going up now? I can go up.
Two scallops! Thank you.
Got the garnish?
It's just like riding a bike.
You just fell off.
Now you're back on, ready to go.
Lovely scallops! Beautiful scallops.
Thank you, Chef.
Service, please.
(Jay) Getting a compliment from
Chef Ramsay for anything is amazing.
I mean, it feels great. I feel phenomenal.
Who done these?
These guys, Chef.
Beautiful. Let's go.
- All right.
- Service, please.
Returning Chefs, keep
that going like that.
Yes? I'm gonna be over the moon.
Let's go, yeah?
(Announcer) The returning Chefs
have delivered perfection to Chef Ramsay.
And now, over in the blue kitchen...
On order... three couples, table 61.
- Three Caesar salad...
- Yes, Chef!
Three Caesar working right now!
(Announcer) He's looking
for Robyn on cold appetizers
to deliver more of the same.
90 seconds out.
Heard 90 seconds!
I am on cold apps,
working next to Christina.
This is gonna be an easy service.
The real black team is gonna
[Bleep] whip their asses.
Robyn!
Yes, Chef?
I want more salad
dressing on here... look.
- It's dry.
- Okay, Chef.
Yeah, it's dry. Let's go.
More dressing.
[Bleep] Hell.
Come on, Robyn! I do not expect
a Caesar salad to be
redone, not at this stage.
Robyn, all you had to do
was put dressing on leaves.
That's it, that's all you had to do.
So now we're already off to a bad start.
Caesar salad, Chef.
Extra dressed. Not too wet.
Finally.
(Announcer) Robyn has managed to
deliver acceptable Caesar salads.
But in the red kitchen,
the runners-up...
Chef, first scallop, second
one 20 seconds behind.
Nice color. Good.
(Announcer) Are doing way
better than acceptable.
I've never seen food this
immaculate leave the red kitchen.
(Announcer) And have served more
than half of their appetizers.
It's really good.
(Announcer) Now, over
in the blue kitchen...
Two scallops, one Caesar salad away!
(Announcer) Robyn has
enlisted the help of Clemenza.
Rob, how many more spaghetti we got?
- One more?
- Yes!
(Announcer) Who is determined
to make up for lost time.
Why is he doing spaghetti?
We don't [Bleep] need it.
(Announcer) Perhaps a
little too determined.
- What are you doing?
- Spaghetti of lobster.
Look at me! We haven't even got it on!
(Clemenza) I'm looking at
Robyn like, "what the [Bleep]?"
Big man out of control!
Come here! It's not even on!
She's putting the spaghetti down.
Now she's taking the pan.
It's not on!
I would not want to be
over there right now.
How come both of you produced something
that's not on the [Bleep] order?
Are you kidding me?
What an embarrassment.
That is embarrassing.
That just tells me that both
of you are out of control!
- No, Chef.
- So if you are in control,
then why are you cooking
food we don't need?
- Answer me that one, then.
- No answer, Chef.
Both of you are out of control!
You and you, do you wanna go?
[Bleep], dude!
Focus!
(Announcer) An hour into dinner service...
Two scallops. Let's go.
(Announcer) Both teams are
steadily sending out appetizers.
Service, please.
(Announcer) And in the blue kitchen,
our current Chefs are
looking to get ahead.
- What are you doing?
- Spaghetti of lobster.
Look at me! We haven't even got it on!
(Announcer) Unfortunately,
it's with food that hasn't been ordered.
How come both of you produced something
that's not on [Bleep] order!
"Get over." I said, "what do you need?"
Robyn said, "make this."
Done, and I started making it.
Now I'm catching [Bleep] for it.
Are you feeling like a bit of
a spare [Bleep] at a wedding?
No, Chef.
'Cause you look like one!
Get rid of it.
Gee, thanks. Thank you, Robyn.
You had the appetizer rolling out.
Now we're hitting the entrees. Let's go.
(All) Yes, Chef.
Away now... two COD, two New York strip.
(All) Yes, Chef!
Three minutes! I need
garnish in the window!
Yes!
(Announcer) While Barbie
gets the team back on track...
Where do you need help out, guys?
Don't touch anything!
(Announcer) Over in the red kitchen...
Chef, hot.
(Announcer) The returning Chefs
have finished their appetizers.
My first bite melted in my mouth.
(Announcer) And are moving on to entrees.
Two Wellington, two COD, two sea bass!
(All) Yes, Chef!
Let's go.
(Announcer) Now, it's up to season 7
runner-up Jay on fish
to keep up the momentum.
(Jay) Behind you, behind you.
Right behind you.
Two bass.
(Kevin) That's peppered beyond belief.
Jay!
I got two bass on the same table.
I got one cooked beautifully
and one that's caked in black pepper.
- Yes, Chef.
- Yes.
Jay was sweatin' bullets.
I mean, blue [Bleep] running
all down the side of his face.
[Laughing] He was
sweatin', so it was like,
all right, before we sink,
this would be a good idea
to jump over there and just help out.
Come on, guys. I'm draggin' a bass!
Comin' right now, Chef!
I'm ready on the garnishes.
I got it right now! I got it, I got it!
Hot behind! Hot behind!
Kevin...
- Perfect.
- Yes, Chef!
(Announcer) Kevin has managed
to keep the fish station afloat.
- Thank you.
- (Gordon) Service.
(Announcer) But over in the blue kitchen,
thanks to Barbie...
Two COD, two welli, two bass! Walking!
(Announcer) The current Chefs are
ready with their first entrees.
Service please.
(Announcer) And are giving the
runners-up a run for their money.
Beautifully cooked, Barbie.
Thank you, Chef.
Hell, yeah!
I'm not letting the
runners-up intimidate me.
Right now, it's neck-and-neck!
Yes, Chef! Keep it going.
(All) Yes, Chef!
Last order of appetizers.
Two scallops, three lobster spaghetti.
After that, two sea
bass, two New York strip.
How long? Five minutes, Chef.
Nine, nine!
Nine!
- What?
- She just dropped it.
I can't do ten minutes every table.
- Gotta drive it, yes?
- Yes, Chef.
Let's go, you.
After that, three COD, one Wellington.
- Three COD, one Wellington!
- How long?
- Eight minutes, Chef.
- Eight minutes for COD?
Fish cooks quick.
Are you stupid or what?
- Dana!
- Yes, Chef?
Ask for [Bleep] help!
He's doing nothing. She's doing nothing.
And you're sinking.
Stand here and shout for help!
Yes, Chef!
I don't trust Clemenza and Robyn.
They don't have the skills or the
finesse that the rest of us have.
So I don't want them on my station.
What are you doing? Can you just...
Two orders of scallops
going in two minutes.
Fine, Clemenza, you cook the scallops.
I'll cook my fish.
Do not [Bleep] this up.
(Justin) Need those
scallops right away, guys.
Ah, come on!
I know that Clemenza can't cook scallops.
Scallops getting ready to walk!
Got nice color on those, right?
Yeah. Don't worry.
(Justin) I don't even know why
he would attempt to help someone
by cooking something he can't do.
Come on.
Scallops!
Scallops walkin'!
Comin' in.
[Bleep]
All of you, come here!
Hurry up! Mm.
I knew it!
This is just... look!
Look, there we are.
She can't ask for [Bleep] help.
He burns the scallops. Look at that.
(Dana) You're supposed to
be coming over to help me,
not [Bleep] sink me!
Come on! Yes, Chef!
And if you're gonna have somebody
on your station, you've
got to control them!
Yes, Chef!
So wake up!
Hey, Robyn, I need two scallops.
(Announcer) While Dana tries her
luck with Robyn on the scallops...
Two orders of scallops now!
Heard!
(Announcer) Over in the red kitchen...
Okay, going up, two
Wellington, two COD, yes?
Yeah, let's go.
Two Wellington garnishes up,
two COD garnishes up.
Coming behind, behind.
(Announcer) The returning Chefs,
who have never been in the
kitchen together before tonight,
have quickly bonded.
- Paula!
- Yes?
They're perfectly cooked.
Thank you, Chef.
Whoo-hoo!
(Announcer) But one Chef...
Bonnie, need a spoon, sweetheart?
(Announcer) Isn't exactly making friends.
You're gonna be like
the [Bleep] douche bag,
calling all the girls sweetheart.
I'm from the South so
I call women sweetheart.
Do you need another
sizzle platter, sweetheart?
Er, uh, Paula.
Yeah. See how I held that back?
I'm just a gentleman.
If you don't like it...
Boom!
You love me anyways.
(Announcer) Confident in
themselves and their cooking, ves
the runners-up continue to
pump out consistent entrees.
Hot on your right.
(Announcer) Over in the blue kitchen,
the current Chefs are
sending out entrees as well.
Service, please.
(Announcer) And Chef Ramsay is eager
to finish the last table of appetizers.
I'm dragging two scallops,
three spaghetti... how long?
I got four minutes on the pasta, Chef.
Who seasoned the scallops?
Oh, I don't know where these came from.
- I don't know.
- Come here.
We season scallops as they go in the pan.
They've sat there, screwed.
When you season like that, they go dry.
Then they go overcooked.
Well, I didn't put them
there, that's why...
that's why I said, "who seasoned them?"
Who seasoned the scallops?
(Robyn) I seasoned those scallops
right there, Chef, for her.
And you're four minutes away.
I seasoned two orders of scallops
and put 'em in the pan for Dana.
And I didn't finish them,
'cause Dana likes to
finish her own scallops.
So... that's my fault?
I wanna know now,
between you two muppets,
what the [Bleep] are you doing,
and I'll stop it.
I seasoned those scal...
Shout at me again...
- I will lift you up...
- Yes.
- And throw you in that...
- I know.
And you think it's funny.
I don't, Chef, think it's funny.
I'm just trying to help out,
but there's too many people right now.
You're right... there are
far too many people, Robyn.
[Bleep]!
See ya later, Robyn.
Dana... come here!
Whoo! What?
Take those out of the oven.
No!
(Announcer) It's nearly two hours
into dinner service,
and with Dana falling behind on fish...
Robyn, I need two scallops.
(Announcer) She has
enlisted the help of Robyn...
Who seasoned the scallops?
(Announcer) Unfortunately, Robyn
has set her back even further.
When you season like that, they go dry,
then they go overcooked.
(Announcer) But Chef Ramsay feels
the responsibility lies with...
Dana, come here!
You're sinking.
If anybody touches
anything on your station,
you've got to command it.
- Yes, Chef.
- Now, find a voice...
- And get a grip, Dana.
Yes, Chef.
Chef Ramsay's right.
If they're not helping me,
then I need to kick
them off of my station.
I need two more scallops now.
- I would like to cook them.
- That's fine.
Spaghetti, scallops?
How long on the scallop?
Two minutes!
I got it. It's 2 1/2 minutes.
Please.
I can absolutely do
this station better alone
than with anybody else trying to help me.
Scallops walking!
Service, please.
(Announcer) Dana has managed to get
the fish station back on track.
Two COD, two New York strip.
How long do you need on the New York?
I'm ready on the COD.
(Announcer) And the bluechen
is pushing out their final entrees.
Go, he said. Coming up behind.
Walking with COD, right now.
(Announcer) And both teams...
We're down to the last ticket, let's go.
Hot, hot behind.
(Announcer) Complete
a solid dinner service.
Well done, guys.
Great teamwork.
Tonight...
for the first time,
not only did you cook together,
but you were up against the very best.
The winning team tonight...
is...
our returning runners-up.
Great job well done.
Whoo!
Yay!
It feels good to win.
- Thank you, Chef.
- All of you,
- a big thank you.
- Good luck, guys.
[Overlapping farewells]
I did not want to lose tonight.
Not happy.
Not [Bleep] happy.
Thank you, guys.
Whoo! Whoo hoo!
Whoo hoo! [Laughter]
Considering this was your first time
working together as one team,
not bad.
The bad news...
when you make such careless mistakes,
and it was just so frustrating,
'cause you could have
been right with them.
Get upstairs and come to a decision
on which two of you should
be leaving Hell's Kitchen.
- Got it?
- (All) Yes, Chef.
[Bleep] Off.
There's no way I'm gonna go up tonight.
Everything was fine until
everyone starts coming over
and [Bleep] up on my station.
[Sighs]
Can I just say something about my station?
Chef wanted me to ask for help.
Okay, fine.
So I'll give the scallops to somebody.
One, two...
I didn't cook any scallops.
I put 'em in the pan, that was it!
But you walked away from it, then,
like, that's...
Like it's... she's saying,
"I need the scallops."
Clemenza cooked the first ones.
They were raw, correct?
- Dana...
- Yeah?
It's the second time on fish.
To blame someone that's
helping her on her station,
I think that's just an error in judgment.
I'm sorry, Clemenza, my vote is for you,
and it's not personal,
it's just based on the fact
that... when you came over to help me,
I needed your help with the scallops.
They went up raw.
Yeah.
Yeah, I put up a [Bleep]-up scallop.
But I worked my ass off.
Dana should be going home tonight,
'cause the fish station
was [Bleep] slow as [Bleep].
She should be the one
that should be up there.
Not [Bleep] me.
I'm gonna vote for Robyn,
because she doesn't
finish what she starts.
You know what, Barbie? I
finish everything I start,
so I don't even wanna hear it.
Except for scallops.
Because it's her station!
Oh, my... and then you're
not accountable for [Bleep]!
You're just floating station to station,
just starting [Bleep]!
You know what, don't talk
to me like that, honey!
Okay, fine. Don't talk to me like that.
I can't handle this [Bleep] anymore.
I don't know the word that
comes after frustration,
but that's pretty much where
I'm at with Robyn right now.
You don't want me here.
Rea... oh. Ohh!
I know you don't want me here.
Stop it. You don't want me here.
Robyn's definitely my first vote.
I'll be the first one to say that.
Okay. Fine. Put me up there.
I didn't [Bleep] up
tonight. Y'all did, not me.
I feel like Chef Ramsay is
definitely gonna agree with me.
Megan.
[Sighs]
Barbie.
Yes, Chef?
First nominee and why, please.
The first nominee of
the black team was Robyn.
Robyn?
- Yes, Chef.
- Why?
She was all over the place,
and accomplishing nothing.
No.
Second nominee. Barbie.
The team's second nominee was...
(Announcer) The Chefs successfully
completed their first dinner service
as the black team,
but were unable to defeat the returning
Hell's Kitchen runner's up.
And they must give Chef
Ramsay their two nominees.
The first nominee was...
Robyn.
Second nominee.
The team's second nominee was...
Clemenza, Chef.
Clemenza?
The team felt like Clemenza was
responsible for Dana's scallops.
[Sighs] Robyn, Clemenza,
step forward, please. Let's go.
Move, Clemenza.
- Robyn...
- Yes, Chef?
Tell me why you think you
should stay in Hell's Kitchen.
I deserve this black
jacket. I deserve to be here.
The first thing I said
since day one is "teamwork."
Teamwork, teamwork, teamwork.
There's no "I" in team.
I don't know, Chef.
I tried to help out tonight with meat.
I felt like I had to throw elbows,
I felt like I was in a
basketball game, trying to...
Trying to get in there, try to help out.
So who should be up there
in place of you, then?
I feel like Dana didn't communicate
and asked for help when she needed it.
No, but I felt like I had
a handle on my station.
I was fine.
Them being there wasn't helping me.
It was making it worse.
Clemenza, is your time done?
No, Chef!
My time is not done.
I am not ready to go home.
I am 110% ready to go and do
anything you need to be done.
How many times have you
been up here, Clemenza?
- Too many, Chef.
- Yeah, how many?
Three, four.
I think tonight...
Whew.
It's your sixth time.
Okay, this is tough.
My decision is...
Clemenza.
Back in line.
[Exhales]
Robyn.
- Yes, Chef.
- The passion...
the hunger's there.
But you're not ready right now
to be Head Chef in Vegas.
- I respect you.
- Thank you.
Give me your jacket.
- Thank you, Chef, for everything.
- Thank you.
Keep going, will you?
Of course.
I thought that I was gonna be the
season 10 winner of Hell's Kitchen.
And I [Bleep] come in here
with 250 [Bleep] percent!
I'm probably one of the only
people in this competition
that's won so many challenges.
The only person who did well
on the men's team was a woman!
Thank you, Robyn.
(Robyn) I definitely had some
memorable experiences here.
Ladies, jump aboard your g4.
- (Robyn) And...
- Raw!
Some experiences I'd like to forget.
You called me a [Bleep] bitch today,
and you want me to keep my mouth shut?
Coming here, I didn't realize
it was gonna be this catty.
[Bleep] Hit me!
Robyn! Hit me!
Robyn! Don't even [Bleep]
get me ghetto, Kimmie!
But there was 18 of us.
I made it to the final six.
- Robyn...
- Yes, Chef?
Put that on.
You will not regret this decision,
I swear to you.
I'm a winner no matter what, in my book.
And now, leaving here
is gonna push me harder
and harder to succeed
and show all those [Bleep]
that are still here,
go [Bleep] yourself,
'cause I am better than you.
Right now...
I still don't know.
Who's going to Vegas.
Can I ask you one more thing, Chef?
[Bleep] Hell.
I need to step it up.
I need to show you and I need
to show my team that... as well.
I don't look at you, and I see Vegas.
Change my mind or get hungry.
Now get out of here.
(All) Yes, Chef.
When Chef Ramsay said he didn't see Vegas,
that really, really, really,
really [Bleep] bothered me.
That just lit a spark under my ass.
You're gonna see a whole new Clemenza.
I'll [Bleep] tattoo a slot machine
on my ass if it [Bleep] helps.
(Dana) There are only four people
between me and the prize.
One by one, everybody's gotta go down.
Because I'm about to win this [Bleep]!
Making it to the black jacket
was a dream come true for Robyn.
But cooking against the runner-up
was a reality check...
for her and for me.
(Announcer) Next time on Hell's Kitchen...
We are walking out minus Robyn!
(Announcer) As the final five
celebrate Robyn's departure...
I was never happy to see
someone go until today.
(Announcer) Chef Ramsay brings
someone back into the game.
Oh, my God!
(Announcer) That will
flip the competition...
Oh, [Bleep]! (Announcer) Upside down.
Are you guys [Bleep] kidding? Ohh.
(Announcer) And Barbie hatches a plan...
It's all strategy.
Clemenza, I'm hoping we can work together.
She's trying to build an alliance.
I'm seeing this new Barbie emerge.
(Announcer) But is Clemenza an ally...
Clemenza, take the risotto.
It's not ready. Clemenza,
take the risotto!
(Announcer) Or a scapegoat?
Overcooked [Bleep].
- It's an insult to Italy.
- Told ya.
(Announcer) It all goes down, next time...
Don't wait till the end of service.
Get the [Bleep] out of here.
(Announcer) On a highly combustible...
It's a [Bleep] [Bleep] show.
(Announcer) And dangerously explosive...
And we're cooking like [Bleep] idiots.
There's no way Chef Ramsay's
shutting us down today.
(Announcer) Hell's kitchen.
I beg you to go home.
What the [Bleep] is going on?
synced and corrected by chamallow
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org